


Print the numbers 1 - 10, each number being a different color.

que-8 Prints your name in a Tahoma font

que-9 Print a paragraph with 4 - 5 sentences. Each sentence should be a different font.

que-10 Print a paragraph that is a description of a book, include the title of the book as well as its author. Names and titles should be underlined, adjectives should be italicized and bolded.

que-11 Print your name to the screen with every letter being a different heading size.

que-12 Print the squares of the numbers 1 - 20. Each number should be on a separate line, next to it the number 2 superscripted, an equal sign and the result. (Example: 102 = 100) [See solution]

que13
Prints 10 names with a line break between each name. The list should be alphabetized, and to do this place a subscripted number next to each name based on where it will go in the alphabetized list. (Example: Alan1). Print first, the unalphabetized list with a subscript number next to each name, then the alphabetized list. Both lists should have an <h1> level heading

que-14 Print two paragraphs that are both indented using the &nbsp; command

que-15 Print two lists with any information you want. One list should be an ordered list, the other list should be an unordered list.

que-16 Prints an h1 level heading followed by a horizontal line whose width is 100%. Below the horizontal line print a paragraph relating to the text in the heading.


que-17 Print some preformatted text of your choosing. (hint: use the <pre> tag)

que-19 Print some preformatted text of your choosing. (hint: use the <pre> tag) [See solution]

que-20 Print a long quote and a short quote. Cite the author of each quote. 

que-21Print a definition list with 5 items. 

que-22 Print two addresses in the same format used on the front of envelopes (senders address in top left corner, receivers address in the center).

que no-23 Create some links to various search engines (google, yahoo, altavista, lycos, etc).

que-24 Create links to five different pages on five different websites that should all open in a new window. [See solution]

que-25 Create a page with a link at the top of it that when clicked will jump all the way to the bottom of the page.